ON-11659 # Added storageType to compliance form element (#166)
oneblink/sdk-js: docs/form-elements/files.md

Allow the user upload a array of files from their device.

| Property      | Required | Type      | Default   | Description                                                                                 |
| ------------- | -------- | --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`        | Yes      | `string`  | `'files'` | The type of Form Element.                                                                   |
| `name`        | Yes      | `string`  |           | The key that will be assigned a value in the submission data when the form is submitted.    |
| `label`       | Yes      | `string`  |           | Display text presented to the user above the input by default.                              |
| `hint`        | No       | `string`  |           | A hint triggered by an icon tooltip to be displayed when hovering beside the element label. |
| `minEntries`  | No       | `string`  |           | Minimum number of files required                                                            |

> | `storageType` | no       | `boolean` | `false`   | How the files uploaded by a user will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `storageType` | no       | `string` |    | How the files uploaded by a user will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`              |
```
